---
title: We see you.
description: 'By educators and for educators. Promoting the vision and worldview of Ferant along with the approach we use towards asset-based teaching and learning.'
categories:
 - SEL
 - Education
tags:
 - Identity
 - Classroom
 - Equity
createdAt: 12/8/2021
author: 
 firstName: Tim 
 lastName: Pappageorge
 prefix: Dr.
 title: Ph.D.
 avatar: ''
 position: Chief Executive Officer
 username: tpappageorge
---
Grammar nerd.

Lover of the endoplasmic reticulum and photosynthesis and every physical process explained as F = MA since Isaac Newton.

Secret believer in democracy. 

Overt and strident teacher of democracy.

Artist of line, color, and form--of the dance studio, the drama stage, the choral risers.

We see you.

We know you love our students, leading schools, supporting your community, and you love connecting all students to the beauty and insight available in the raw materials that are at our disposal.

But we see the challenge and even the disappointment when not every student is reached, when so many of our very own students whom we love and serve seem to feel unheard, unseen, unknown.

As an educator, teacher, coach or parent, you call out the champion's spirit in each student. Your deep commitment to each student comes from the heart of a listener.

You have a game plan in the classroom or on your team, but you also know how critical it is to adapt to the unfolding story of each student. To empower each person to lock onto their purpose. 

With Ferant, you have the opportunity to become the sage, guide, coach, and leader that your students need. You will get to integrate your own tools and knowledge base into a cohesive approach that is asset based. Teaching and learning built on each student's uniqueness, expressed in assets and values, deeply held and existing in each. 

*Ferant* is Latin for *empower*.

Ferant connotes the ability to carry a burden or load. 

As educators, we carry our student papers, tests, our technology, our classroom materials; we carry the hopes of our students, and we carry their stories. Their pain, their traumas. Their potential.

We also have the privilege of carrying their strengths. Caring for their strengths and assets, cultivating them, feeding them.

This professional development sequence is for teachers and coaches who want to take on that challenge, to see, know, amplify, and lift up their students' strengths and assets. 

Are you to begin your Ferant journey? Becoming your best version of an Asset-Based Educator will take your willingness to be reflective about your own practice and some new tools to integrate into your work on a deep level. 

As you explore this website application as well as the professional development sequence entitled [The Ferant Teacher level 1](https://sites.google.com/view/theferantteacher/asset-based-learning) and [The Ferant Teacher level 2](https://sites.google.com/view/the-ferant-teacher2/why-asset-based), you will advocate for and see greater resilience, reduced stress, higher achievement, and increased student belonging. 

Are you ready to begin?
